h1. zeroth

Enterprise Business Application Bootstrap.

h1. 環境構築の手順

h2. Java開発環境の構築 (Eclipse)

* Eclipse Juno(4.2) SR1 - Eclipse IDE for Java EE Developers

h3. 拡張プラグイン導入#1 (Help -> Ecilpse Marketplace...)

* Maven Integration for Eclipse
* EGit - Git Team Provider
* GitHub Mylyn Connector
* Checkstyle Plug-in
* FindBugs Ecilpse Plugin
* (Subversive - SVN Team Provider)

h3. 拡張プラグイン導入#2 (Help -> Install New Software... ->)

* Add -> http://propedit.sourceforge.jp/eclipse/updates/ (PropertiesEditor)

h2. DBサーバの構築 (PostgreSQL)

h3. DBユーザの作成

createuser --username=postgres --createdb --encrypted --inherit --login --pwprompt --createrole --superuser zeroth

// ex: Drop User
dropuser --username=postgres zeroth

h3. データベースの作成

// ex: Unix
createdb --username=zeroth --encoding=UTF8 --locale=ja_JP.UTF-8 --owner=zeroth --template=template0 zeroth
// ex: Windows
createdb --username=zeroth --encoding=UTF8 --locale=Japanese_Japan.932 --owner=zeroth --template=template0 zeroth

// ex: Drop Database
dropdb --username=postgres zeroth

h3. Connect Database

psql --username=zeroth zeroth

h2. Application Server

h3. JDBC-Driver

// ex: Unix
cp ~/.m2/repository/org/postgresql/postgresql/9.2-1002-jdbc4/postgresql-9.2-1002-jdbc4.jar $GLASSFISH_HOME/lib
// ex: Windows
cp $USERPROFILE/.m2/repository/org/postgresql/postgresql/9.2-1002-jdbc4/postgresql-9.2-1002-jdbc4.jar /Applications/glassfish3/glassfish/lib

h3. Run & Stop (Restart)

asadmin start-domain
asadmin stop-domain
(asadmin restart-domain)

h3. Create JDBC Connection-Pool & Create JDBC Resource

asadmin create-jdbc-connection-pool --datasourceclassname org.postgresql.ds.PGConnectionPoolDataSource --restype javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource --property portNumber=5432:user=zeroth:password=happyhacking:serverName=localhost:databaseName=zeroth zeroth_pool
asadmin ping-connection-pool zeroth_pool
asadmin create-jdbc-resource --connectionpoolid zeroth_pool jdbc/zeroth

// ex: Delete JDBC Resource & Delete JDBC Connection-Pool
asadmin delete-jdbc-resource jdbc/zeroth
asadmin delete-jdbc-connection-pool zeroth_pool

h3. Create Auth-Realm

asadmin create-auth-realm --classname com.sun.enterprise.security.auth.realm.jdbc.JDBCRealm --property jaas-context=jdbcRealm:datasource-jndi=jdbc/zeroth:user-table=public.member:group-table=public.member_auth:user-name-column=account:password-column=password:group-name-column=auth:digest-algorithm=SHA-256:encoding=Hex zeroth_auth
asadmin list-auth-realms

// ex: Delete Auth-Realm
asadmin delete-auth-realm zeroth_auth

h3. Create JVM-Options

asadmin create-jvm-options '-Dlogback.configurationFile=${com.sun.aas.instanceRoot}/config/logback.xml'
asadmin list-jvm-options
cp ./zeroth-fw/zeroth-fw-standard/src/test/resources/logback-test.xml $GLASSFISH_HOME/domains/domain1/config/logback.xml

// ex: Delete JVM-Options
asadmin delete-jvm-options -Dlogback.configurationFile=${com.sun.aas.instanceRoot}/config/logback.xml

h3. Create JavaMail Session

asadmin create-javamail-resource --mailhost smtp.gmail.com --fromaddress zeroth@gmail.com --mailuser zeroth@gmail.com --transprotocol smtps --transprotocolclass com.sun.mail.smtp.SMTPSSLTransport --description "zeroth mail session" --property mail-smtps-password=xxxxxxxx:mail-smtps-auth=true mail/zerothSession
